0. ENTRY

Some scenarios of this campaign work in a dramatically different way to that of
Wesnoth's common gameplay, making it specially important to pay attention to
the mission objectives and don't necessarily try to kill all enemies, specially
in shrouded maps, or in places where enemies seem to respawn continuously.
Although not strictly a requirement, I recommend players have played or read the
storyline behind Descent into Darkness, Under the Burning Suns and Invasion
from the Unknown Episodes I and II, to be familiar with some characters and
historical events.

If you have not played or read those campaigns' story lines, be warned that
this campaign may spoil your fun if you ever play those in the future.
________________________________________________________________________________

1. THE SKIRMISH

It would seem that with the defeat of Yanqui at the hands of Elynia
the Lady of Light and Argan the Master of Darkness, the destruction of
Yechnagoth by the Elves of Quenoth, and the end of the Shadow Master's control
over the Chaos Empire at the hands of her own wife, peace will return to the
world.

I wish that were true.

I am Elynia. For some, the last living descendant of Kalenz the Great. For
others, the disciple of the high Enchantress Niryone of the Ka'lian of Wesmere
Forest. Others remember me as the Lady of Light, the one who defeated Yanqui.
The same shyde who fought along with her husband for so long, to be ultimately
forced to commit murder. Against her own husband.

Elynia, the Lady of Nothing.

The tides of the sea are now always changing. It is not the peaceful Vast Sea
that I met as a young girl. It is now a hostile Dead Sea. I can smell the
corpses of many unnamed, forgotten warriors of old. I can sense the hatred and
angst that dominates all species of this continent, flowing to it.

A new order has begun. Now allies and friends turn against each other without
reason. They kill each other. They betray their beloved ones. Orcs, humans,
dwarves... and elves. Our history is tainted with the blood of millions of our
kinsmen. And that blood has been dried up by the light of Sela and Naia. Now
not even the fire can burn and remove it.

Unseen enemies of the ancient world, foes of an era that was either forgotten
or not recorded at all, creatures that threaten all life in Irdya, have been
unleashed. And they are protected by an unspeakable force.

Desolation and fear consumes our souls. Overcoming them is probably the
greatest challenge for us, sentient beings. But our enemy cannot be
affected by such inane feelings - for it cannot feel anything at all. It cannot
love either.

Although I used to be pure of heart, I fear that the evil I have commited is
consuming my very body. It is as if I was not myself. I cannot enjoy a zephyr,
or the taste of fresh and clean water. I could not love again either.

Slowly, I notice how Galas and Mal Keshar drift away. I can barely speak with
them nowadays. I am fighting my own inner war.

I control powers that nobody else possesses in this time. I bear with me a
weighty charge, one that I sometimes regret. By slaying my beloved, have I been
corrupted by the unholy magic of Uria? Have I come to a dead end? Will I
eventually misuse that power that I carry with me, kill my friends and
demonstrate to the world that I failed in my millenary mission?

Only time will give us answers. For the time being, I'll continue wondering,
what my mistake was, and how I will solve it. If I can.
________________________________________________________________________________

2. HIGH PASS

For a long time I had not seen the high, snowy peaks of the Heart Mountains.
The last time I had an opportunity to delight with the view, a foul enemy, Mal
Hekuba, would not let us rest for a single minute. Now I simply cannot
concentrate on the landscape.

That enemy, part of the Iron Triad, a group of frantic worshippers of the Eater
of Souls, is my highest worry right now. He showed to possess great power, even
greater than Malin Keshar's arts. A power that must have been bestowed upon him
by Uria herself.

I suspect that, if he has full control over the Iron Triad, their evil design
could not be thwarted by Argan's passing. I fear that they have a last movement
to perform in this sad game. The dark shadow of Chaos has not faded away
completely, and I even sense that it is being reunited somewhere south from
here.

But we cannot fight against it until we know what the true strength of this
enemy can be. We need answers, which I hope we will find in the place where the
Eater of Souls breathed for the last time.
________________________________________________________________________________

3. CIVIL WAR



________________________________________________________________________________



; kate: indent-mode normal; encoding utf-8; space-indent on; word-wrap on;